List all OscillatorNode waveform types in Web Audio API overview (#43935)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/web_audio_api/index.md

- {{domxref("AudioScheduledSourceNode")}}
  - : The **`AudioScheduledSourceNode`** is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces. It is an {{domxref("AudioNode")}}.
- {{domxref("OscillatorNode")}}

>   - : The **`OscillatorNode`** interface represents a periodic waveform — sine, square, sawtooth, triangle, or a custom shape. It is an {{domxref("AudioNode")}} audio-processing module that causes a given _frequency_ of wave to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The **`OscillatorNode`** interface represents a periodic waveform, which can be sine, square, sawtooth, triangle, or custom. It is an {{domxref("AudioNode")}} audio-processing module that causes a given _frequency_ of wave to be created.
```
